When we were woven
in the depths of the earth,
Before we even came
into this world,
Jehovah saw
right from the start
Deep down
inside our beating heart.
Just stop and think
what that means.
He knows you; he knows me—
What we feel, what we see,
When we try hard to give our best,
The joys we feel, and our regrets.
He knows you; he knows me—
What we need, what we plead.
When we can’t find the words to say,
we’re not alone.
He knows.
Like a father
wants his child to succeed,
That’s how he feels
about you and me.
He sifts through us
and sees where we shine
And who we can be
in Paradise.
So always know
that he cares.
He knows you; he knows me—
What we feel, what we see,
When we try hard to give our best,
The joys we feel, and our regrets.
He knows you; he knows me—
What we need, what we plead.
When we can’t find the words to say,
we’re not alone.
He knows.
So we must look up above
and never forget about his love and pray—
and pray.
Tell him when life is hard
and fear’s got a grip on our heart.
Remember, we’re okay;
we don’t have to be afraid.
He knows you; he knows me—
What we feel, what we see,
When we try hard to give our best,
The joys we feel, and our regrets.
He knows you; he knows me—
What we need, what we plead.
When we can’t find the words to say,
we’re not alone.
He knows you; he knows me—
What we feel, what we see,
When we try hard to give our best,
The joys we feel, and our regrets.
He knows you; he knows me—
What we need, what we plead.
When we can’t find the words to say,
we’re not alone.
He knows.